# Introduction to Multiply Your Moves

**Step 1:** Join the telegram chat – this is where we’ll communicate during the program

**I have two goals for the program:**
1. Deliver as much value as possible to help you reach your goals.
2. Do #1 so well that you’re excited to give a testimonial and spread the word to your friends.

**Outcomes for leads: think, act fast and guide**
- Enhance technique and spacial awareness
- Improve recall and fluency of ideas
- Lead and improvise with flow and ease

**Outcomes for follows: interpret, react and flow**
- Feel confident in your technique
- Improve ability to read signals and react
- Relax and find flow in each dance

And of course, HAVE FUN!

**Feedback & Questions**
Ask all the questions you want in the chat group. Feedback on videos will be provided to those who chose that option.

---

# How to Practice and Submit Feedback

**1. Film a video of you social dancing.**
This will be your “before” video. The baseline to see your improvement.
[video goes here]

**2. Practice recommendations:**
1. Practice a few minutes every day with the “Daily Practice” videos
2. Practice each lesson SLOWLY counting out loud
3. Then use a SLOW song (film yourself to identify errors)
4. Then use a faster song (only if you can do it well slowly)
5. Combine everything you learned together (film yourself again)

**Spotify playlists**
- Slow Salsa on Spotify
- Mid-Tempo/Faster Salsa on Spotify

**Tips:**
1.  **The goal is to PUSH your comfort zone.** If something feels too hard, move on and revisit it later. Focus on skills *just outside* your comfort zone that feel *attainable*. With time, your comfort zone will expand and you can revisit those lessons.
2.  **Don’t expect to master the lessons in one week.** These ideas can be practiced for a *lifetime*. Absorb what you can and apply it to what you already know. Once you complete the program you can re-do it and learn something new each time.
3.  **Take note of where you’re struggling.** When you submit your video tell us where you’re struggling and we’ll help you identify the issue. It’s usually small details that make big differences.

If you haven’t already watched How to Learn Salsa 10x Faster, I recommend you do.

**3. Submit your videos weekly (for everyone):**
- Submit 1 video per weekly theme (6 total)
- Upload it to the chat group or to youtube as an “unlisted” video and share the link in the chat.

**If you didn’t choose the feedback option:** upload your video and ask questions in the chat group — sometimes the answers are simple and the group can discuss.

**If you chose the feedback option:** record up to a 3 minute video. State specifically what you want help with and then show that thing. I’ll record a response to answer your questions.

---

# Frameworks

The key frameworks leads and follows should be aware of are:
- First half and second half
- Follow is the focus – where is their weight?
- 6 position diamond
- Equivalent positions
- 7 handholds + 3 levels

[video goes here]

---

# Partner Work Exercises

Use these partner work exercises to improve your lead and follow fundamentals.
They’re great as a warm-up or if you want to spend some time focusing on fundamentals.

- 0:08 – Follow the hand (frame)
- 2:01 – Tension bridge (tension)
- 3:20 – Arm position for turns (frame)
- 4:49 – Torso connection (follow the lead’s chest – visual)
- 6:02 – Blind following (follow what you feel – tactile)
- 7:07 – Stay close to your partner (distance)

[video goes here]
